DX-2027: Make use of theme (#1730)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/checkout-v3-status-models.md

| {% f feeAmount %}                   | `integer`    | If the payment instrument used had a unique fee, it will be displayed in this field.                                            |
| {% f discountAmount %}                   | `integer`    | If the payment instrument used had a unique discount, it will be displayed in this field.                                                |
| {% f details %}                   | `integer`    | Details connected to the payment. |
| {% f nonPaymentToken, 2 %}         | `string`     | The result of our own card tokenization. Activated in POS for the merchant or merchant group.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| {% f externalNonPaymentToken, 2 %} | `string`     | The result of an external tokenization. This value will vary depending on card types, acquirers, customers, etc. For Mass Transit merchants, transactions redeemed by Visa will be populated with PAR. For Mastercard and Amex, it will be our own token. |

> | └-➔&nbsp;`cardType`                | `string`  | `Credit Card` or `Debit Card`. Indicates the type of card used for the authorization.                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
> | └-➔&nbsp;`maskedPan`               | `string`  | The masked PAN number of the card.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
> | └-➔&nbsp;`expiryDate`              | `string`  | The month and year of when the card expires.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| {% f cardType, 2 %}                | `string`  | `Credit Card` or `Debit Card`. Indicates the type of card used for the authorization.                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| {% f maskedPan, 2 %}               | `string`  | The masked PAN number of the card.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| {% f expiryDate, 2 %}              | `string`  | The month and year of when the card expires.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```
